README.md, before:

#1 Introduction
The master branch of this profile is no longer a sub-profile of the <a href="https://github.com/acquia/lightning">Lightning profile</a>.

The master branch is being used to build a simplified Drupal 9 profile for our own purposes, which will not implement the same out-of-the-box functionality currently in the profile, and that does not have the dependency on Lightning. **The code on the master branch is not stable and should not be used**.

The stable Drupal 8 versions of this profile are still available on branches 4.1.3, 4.1.5 and 4.1.9, but will reach end-of-life in November 2021 when <a href="https://www.acquia.com/blog/acquia-lightning-eol-2021-acquia-cms-future">Lightning reaches end-of-life</a> at the same time as Drupal 8 reaches end-of-life.

#2 Blazy

The Blazy module (https://www.drupal.org/project/blazy) does not specify a dependency on the Blazy library (https://github.com/dinbror/blazy). The Blazy library is included as a scaffolding asset. If the library needs to be updated download
#3 Usage

> - mkdir my_new_project<br>
> - cd my_new_project<br>
> - wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NREL/opencommunications/master/assets/scaffold/files/composer/composer.json<br>
> - wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NREL/opencommunications/master/assets/scaffold/files/composer/composer.lock<br>
> - edit composer.json - global replace new_project with my_new_project, and site_name with my_new_site_name<br>
> - composer install<br>
> - drush si opencommunications --existing-config --account-name=account-name --account-mail=account-mail --account-pass=account-pass —site-name=“site-name” --db-url=db-driver://db-su:db-su-pw@db-host:db-port/db-name -y
> - Move database connection details that get added at the end of the existing setting.php into settings.local.php

#4 Optional

##1 reCaptcha
> - Create a recaptcha account for the site<br>
> - set the reCaptcha site and secret keys:<br>
>   - drush cset recaptcha.settings site_key new_site_key -y<br>
>   - drush cset recaptcha.settings secret_key new_secret_key -y<br>
> - drush cset captcha.settings enabled_default 1 -y<br>

##1 Google Tag Manager
> - set the id on the 'default' GTM container
>   - drush cset google_tag.container.default container_id GTM-xxxxxx -y<br>

Commit message:

Don't overwrite settings.php on update.

README.md, after:

#1 Introduction
The master branch of this profile is no longer a sub-profile of the <a href="https://github.com/acquia/lightning">Lightning profile</a>.

The master branch is being used to build a simplified Drupal 9 profile for our own purposes, which will not implement the same out-of-the-box functionality currently in the profile, and that does not have the dependency on Lightning. **The code on the master branch is not stable and should not be used**.

The stable Drupal 8 versions of this profile are still available on branches 4.1.3, 4.1.5 and 4.1.9, but will reach end-of-life in November 2021 when <a href="https://www.acquia.com/blog/acquia-lightning-eol-2021-acquia-cms-future">Lightning reaches end-of-life</a> at the same time as Drupal 8 reaches end-of-life.

#2 Blazy

The Blazy module (https://www.drupal.org/project/blazy) does not specify a dependency on the Blazy library (https://github.com/dinbror/blazy). The Blazy library is included as a scaffolding asset. If the library needs to be updated download

#3 Usage

##3.1 Create and install a new site from the profile

> - mkdir my_new_project<br>
> - cd my_new_project<br>
> - wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NREL/opencommunications/master/assets/scaffold/files/composer/composer.json<br>
> - wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NREL/opencommunications/master/assets/scaffold/files/composer/composer.lock<br>
> - edit composer.json - global replace new_project with my_new_project, and site_name with my_new_site_name<br>
> - composer install<br>
> - drush si opencommunications --existing-config --account-name=account-name --account-mail=account-mail --account-pass=account-pass —site-name=“site-name” --db-url=db-driver://db-su:db-su-pw@db-host:db-port/db-name -y
> - Move database connection details that get added at the end of the existing setting.php into settings.local.php

##3.1 Update an existing site that uses ythe profile

> - composer update nrel/opencommunications

#4 Optional

##1 reCaptcha
> - Create a recaptcha account for the site<br>
> - set the reCaptcha site and secret keys:<br>
>   - drush cset recaptcha.settings site_key new_site_key -y<br>
>   - drush cset recaptcha.settings secret_key new_secret_key -y<br>
> - drush cset captcha.settings enabled_default 1 -y<br>

##1 Google Tag Manager
> - set the id on the 'default' GTM container
>   - drush cset google_tag.container.default container_id GTM-xxxxxx -y<br>
